{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fprq1\fcharset0 Lucida Console;}}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\ri1440\f0\fs20 END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT\par
\par
\par
***  IT IS IMPORTANT THAT YOU READ AND UNDERSTAND THIS AGREEMENT ***\par
\par
This is a legal agreement between the end user ("You") and Smart Games, Inc., its affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively "Smart Games").  This Agreement is part of a package (the "Package") that also includes a CD-ROM disc (collectively, the "CD-ROM") and in certain instances, written materials (the "Documentation"). \par
\par
BY INSTALLING THE CD-ROM, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT, UNDERSTAND THEM, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THEM.  YOU UNDERSTAND THAT, IF YOU PURCHASED THE PACKAGE FROM AN AUTHORIZED RESELLER OF SMART GAMES, THAT RESELLER IS NOT SMART GAMES'S AGENT AND IS NOT AUTHORIZED TO MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS, CONDITIONS OR WARRANTIES, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, ON SMART GAMES'S BEHALF NOR TO VARY ANY OF THE TERMS OR CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. \par
\par
If You do not agree to the terms of this Agreement, promptly return the entire Package to the place You obtained it for a full refund.\par
\par
LIMITED LICENSE:  You are entitled to use this CD-ROM for your own use, but may not sell or transfer reproductions of the CD-ROM or Documentation to other parties in any way.  You may use one copy of the CD-ROM on a single terminal connected to a single computer.  You may not network the CD-ROM or otherwise use it on more than one computer or computer terminal at the same time. \par
\par
OWNERSHIP; COPYRIGHT:  Title to the CD-ROM and the Documentation, and patents, copyrights and all other property rights applicable thereto, shall at all times remain solely and exclusively with Smart Games and its licensors, and You shall not take any action inconsistent with such title. The CD-ROM and the Documentation are protected by United States, Canadian and other applicable laws and by international treaty provisions.  Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved to Smart Games and its licensors. \par
\par
OTHER RESTRICTIONS:  You may not cause or permit the disclosure, copying, renting, licensing, sublicensing, leasing, disseminating or otherwise distributing of the CD-ROM or the Documentation by any means or in any form, without the prior written consent of Smart Games.  You may not modify, enhance, supplement, create derivative work from, adapt, translate, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or otherwise reduce the CD-ROM to human readable form.  \par
\par
LIMITED WARRANTY:\par
\par
Smart Games warrants for a period of ninety (90) days following original retail purchase of this copy of the game that the CD-ROM is free from substantial errors or defects that will materially interfere with the operation of the CD-ROM as described in the Documentation.  This limited warranty applies to the initial purchaser only.  \par
\par
EXCEPT AS STATED ABOVE, SMART GAMES MAKES NO OTHER WARRANTY OR CONDITION, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, REGARDING THIS CD-ROM.  THE IMPLIED WARRANTY THAT THE CD-ROM IS FIT FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND THE IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY SHALL BOTH BE LIMITED TO THE NINETY (90) DAY DURATION OF THIS LIMITED EXPRESS WARRANTY.  THESE AND ANY OTHER IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, ARE OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY AND SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMED.  \par
\par
Some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty or condition lasts, so the above limitation may not apply to You.  This limited warranty gives You specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights which vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. \par
\par
If you believe you have found any such error or defect in the CD-ROM during the warranty period, (i) if you are in the United States, call Smart Games at 781-639-9911 between the hours of 8:00 a.m. and 6: p.m. Monday through Friday (Eastern Time) and provide your Product number and a brief description of such error or defect; or (ii) if you are outside the United States, send an email to SUPPORT@SmartGames.com and be sure to include your Product number, a brief description of such error or defect and the address to which it is to be returned.  If you have a problem resulting from a manufacturing defect in the CD-ROM, Smart Games' entire liability and Your exclusive remedy for breach of this limited warranty shall be the replacement of the CD-ROM, within a reasonable period of time and without charge, with a corrected version of the CD-ROM.  \par
\par
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of relief, incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to You.\par
\par
EPILEPSY WARNING: A very small percentage of individuals may experience epileptic seizures when exposed to certain light patterns or flashing lights. Exposure to certain patterns or backgrounds on a television screen or while playing a video game may induce an epileptic seizure in these individuals. Certain conditions may induce undetected epileptic symptoms even in persons who have no history of prior seizures or epilepsy. If you, or anyone in your family, has an epileptic condition, consult your physician prior to playing. If you experience any of the following symptoms while playing a video game -- dizziness, altered vision, eye or muscle twitches, loss of awareness, disorientation, any involuntary movement, or convulsions -- IMMEDIATELY discontinue use and consult your physician before resuming play. \par
\par
PROJECTION TELEVISION WARNING: Still pictures or images may cause permanent picture-tube damage or mark the phosphor of the CRT. Avoid repeated or extended use of this video game on large-screen projection televisions.\par
\par
SMART GAMES SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY OR OTHER INDIRECT DAMAGES, EVEN IF SMART GAMES IS ADVISED OF OR AWARE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  IN NO EVENT SHALL SMART GAMES'S LIABILITY EXCEED THE PURCHASE PRICE OF THIS PACKAGE.  \par
\par
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of special, incidental, consequential, indirect or exemplary damages, or the limitation of liability to specified amounts, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to You.\par
\par
GENERAL:  This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding between Smart Games and You with respect to subject matter hereof.  Any change to this Agreement must be in writing, signed by Smart Games and You. Terms and conditions as set forth in any purchase order which differ from, conflict with, or are not included in this Agreement, shall not become part of this Agreement unless specifically accepted by Smart Games in writing.  You shall be responsible for and shall pay, and shall reimburse Smart Games on request if Smart Games is required to pay, any sales, use, value added (VAT), consumption or other tax (excluding any tax that is based on Smart Games' net income), assessment, duty, tariff, or other fee or charge of any kind or nature that is levied or imposed by any governmental authority on the Package. \par
\par
EXPORT AND IMPORT COMPLIANCE:  In the event You export the CD-ROM or the Documentation from the country in which You first received it, You assume the responsibility for compliance with all applicable export and re-export regulations, as the case may be. \par
\par
GOVERNING LAW; ARBITRATION:  This Agreement shall be governed by, and any arbitration hereunder shall apply, the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, U.S.A., excluding (a) its conflicts of laws principles; (b) the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the nternational \par
Sale of Goods; (c) the 1974 Convention on the Limitation Period in the International Sale of Goods; and (d) the Protocol amending the 1974 Convention, done at Vienna April 11, 1980.  \par
\par
Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement or to a breach hereof, including its interpretation, performance or termination, shall be finally resolved by arbitration. The arbitration shall be conducted by three (3) arbitrators, one to be appointed by Smart Games, one to be appointed by You and a third being nominated by the two arbitrators so selected or, if they cannot agree on a third arbitrator, by the President of the American Arbitration Association ("AAA").  The arbitration shall be conducted in English and in accordance with the commercial arbitration rules of the AAA.  The arbitration, including the rendering of the award, shall take place in Boston, Massachusetts, and shall be the exclusive forum for resolving such dispute, controversy or claim.  The decision of the arbitrators shall be binding upon the parties hereto, and the expense of the arbitration (including without limitation the award of attorneys' fees to the prevailing party) shall be paid as the arbitrators determine. \par
 \par
The decision of the arbitrators shall be executory, and judgment thereon may be entered by any court of competent jurisdiction.  Notwithstanding anything contained in this Paragraph to the contrary, Smart Games shall have the right to institute judicial proceedings against You or anyone acting by, through or under You, in order to enforce Smart Games' rights hereunder through reformation of contract, specific performance, injunction or similar equitable relief.\par
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-\par
           End of End User License Agreement\par
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-\par
}
 